 https://codepen.io/NR481/pen/ExPEpRL
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Applying meaning to HTML code
 2. What is HTML used for? 
        It's the code a web browser reads to display a web page
 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides information about an HTML element.  In CSS, an attribute styles an HTML element.
 4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It's the main heading for a page and should only be used once on a page.
 5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <input> and <select>
 6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata, data about the HTML document such as title, fonts, etc.
 7. What is an id? 
        A unique indentifying attribute assigned to an HMTL element.
 8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element, but only one element per ID.
 9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once
 10. What is a class? 
        Another identifying attribute assigned to an HTML element.
 11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element
 12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        No limit
 13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add "_blank" to a target attribute of an anchor tag, ie. <a target="_blank">
 14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The browser reverts to the content in the alt attribute if the original source is not accessible.
 15. How do I reference an id?
        Place a "#" in front of the ID name
 16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        <section> is a semantic way to label elements whereas as <div> is more generic
 17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling the content of HTML input
 18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
 19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An ID can only be attributed to one element whereas a class can be assigned to multiple elements.  
        One might use class to style multiple paragraphs within a document and ID might be used to refer to 
        an attribute only once, such as a link.
 20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        ".class {}"  Place a period in front of the class name
 21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {}
 22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        element > element, selects a child element within a speceific parent. Useful for styling elements only 
        nested within specific parent elemesnt.
 23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a {}
 24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Styles a specific part of an element, such as a specific letter or line
 25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        "line-height:"
 26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        "letter-spacing:"
 27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        "text-transform: uppercase;" "text-transform: lowercase;" "text-transfrom: capitalize;"
 28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {border: 1px dotted black;}
 29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}
 30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Frame comments with /* and */
 31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Use "pwd" command
 32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        Use "ls" command
 33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        Use "rm" command followed by the file name.  One must be careful because the file will be removed
        permanently.
 34. Why should I use version control? 
        So that teams of coders can maintain cohesive, functioning software.  
 35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 30-60 minutes or so, often enough for functional code to be updated.
 36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        "git push -u origin branch-name"
 37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork to create a personal repo version.  Add TL as a collaborator.
        Copy the link to the repo.  Navigate in terminal to where you want to clone the repo.
        Execute "git clone" with the link to your repo.  Navigate in terminal to the repo directory just created.
        Create your own branch using "git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'.  Do work on your repo. Add and commit
        changes to your branch using "git add ." and "git commit -m 'comments'" commands.  Push changes to your
        repo using "git push -u origin branch-name" command in terminal.  Submit pull request and add the TL to
        "reviewers."

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 